Update RELEASING.md (#33)
jenkinsci/datadog-plugin: RELEASING.md

  - No release will be done if no changes got merged to the `master` branch during the above mentioned window.
  - Releases may be done more frequently than the above mentioned window.

## Prerelease checklist

* Check and upgrade dependencies where it applies and makes sense.
  - Create a distinct pull request and test your changes since it maybe introduce regressions.

>   - While using latest dependencies is advised it may not always be possible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - While using the latest versions of dependencies is advised, it may not always be possible due to potential compatibility issues. 
```

>   - Versions upgrade should be thoroughly considered and safe!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Upgraded dependencies should be thoroughly considered and tested to ensure they are safe!
```
